flight 420 to Amsterdam now boarding at
gate 13 sir please just step aside
please just a random security check
random huh I no no come I just don't
think I said feed you a racist racist
dude I'm black he's black is our raises
please you're barely even brown in eight
hours would it be an Amsterdam this is
amazing this is bigger than I thought
North Korean how Qaeda working together
we're Americans man we love America hey
hey hey zip it hello kitty welcome to
Guantanamo Bay you boys like to spoon no
less than an hour they already escaped
oh that's up at the orange jumpsuits
what's up with this party I'm sick of
all the hype over topless hey like
toughest well I'm starting the
bottomless trend
drink it in that's the least what they
know about their son's terrorist
activity via auto de la Sol a nun's wore
off look we've been American citizens
for over 40 years peeking some sort of
dialect I've never heard before from the
geniuses who took you to White Castle
John Cho he's not a terrorist he's just
he's just an idiot co Binh you heard
that time that you stole that monkey and
put it the Rosenbergs dorm red I know
what the monkey had H I never would have
done that Rob Corddry and Patrick Harris
has neil patrick harris if you want to
know the secret of being you will come
with us
good we got to get out of here before
the owners of this house find us no way
gah delicious is that you harold and
kumar escape from guantanamo bay they
thought you guys were terrorized errs
you